README.md, before:

# MERN Ecommerce

## Description

An ecommerce store built with MERN stack, and utilizes third party API's. This ecommerce store enable three main different flows or implementations:

1. Buyers browse the store categories, products and brands
2. Sellers or Merchants manage their own brand component
3. Admins manage and control the entire store components 


* features:
  * Node provides the backend environment for this application
  * Express middleware is used to handle requests, routes
  * Mongoose schemas to model the application data
  * React for displaying UI components
  * Redux to manage application's state
  * Redux Thunk middleware to handle asynchronous redux actions


## Database Seed

* The seed command will create an admin user in the database
* The email and password are passed with the command as arguments
* Like below command, replace brackets with email and password. 
* For more information, see code [here](server/utils/seed.js)

```
npm run seed:db [email-***@****.com] [password-******] // This is just an example.
```

## Demo

This application is deployed on Vercel Please check it out :smile: [here](https://mern-store-gold.vercel.app).

See admin dashboard [demo](https://mernstore-bucket.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/admin.mp4)

## Install

Some basic Git commands are:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/mohamedsamara/mern-ecommerce.git
$ cd project
$ npm install
```

## Start development

```
$ npm run dev
```

## Simple build for production

```
$ npm run build
```

## Run build for production

```
$ npm start
```


## Languages & tools

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

- [Mongoose](https://mongoosejs.com/)

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)

- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)


### Code Formatter

- Add a `.vscode` directory
- Create a file `settings.json` inside `.vscode`
- Install Prettier - Code formatter in VSCode
- Add the following snippet:  

```json

    {
      "editor.formatOnSave": true,
      "prettier.singleQuote": true,
      "prettier.arrowParens": "avoid",
      "prettier.jsxSingleQuote": true,
      "prettier.trailingComma": "none",
      "javascript.preferences.quoteStyle": "single",
    }

```

Commit message:

Dockerised the project and updated the README.md

README.md, after:

# MERN Ecommerce

## Description

An ecommerce store built with MERN stack, and utilizes third party API's. This ecommerce store enable three main different flows or implementations:

1. Buyers browse the store categories, products and brands
2. Sellers or Merchants manage their own brand component
3. Admins manage and control the entire store components 


* features:
  * Node provides the backend environment for this application
  * Express middleware is used to handle requests, routes
  * Mongoose schemas to model the application data
  * React for displaying UI components
  * Redux to manage application's state
  * Redux Thunk middleware to handle asynchronous redux actions

## Quickstart Guide

To run this project locally you can use docker compose provided in the repository. Here is a guide on how to run this project locally using docker compose.

Clone the repository
```
$ git clone https://github.com/mohamedsamara/mern-ecommerce.git
```

Edit the dockercompose.yml file and update the the values for MONGO_URI and JWT_SECRET

Then simply start the docker compose:
```
$ docker compose -f dockercompose.yml up
```

## Database Seed

* The seed command will create an admin user in the database
* The email and password are passed with the command as arguments
* Like below command, replace brackets with email and password. 
* For more information, see code [here](server/utils/seed.js)

```
npm run seed:db [email-***@****.com] [password-******] // This is just an example.
```

## Demo

This application is deployed on Vercel Please check it out :smile: [here](https://mern-store-gold.vercel.app).

See admin dashboard [demo](https://mernstore-bucket.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/admin.mp4)

## Install

Some basic Git commands are:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/mohamedsamara/mern-ecommerce.git
$ cd project
$ npm install
```

## Start development

```
$ npm run dev
```

## Simple build for production

```
$ npm run build
```

## Run build for production

```
$ npm start
```


## Languages & tools

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

- [Mongoose](https://mongoosejs.com/)

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)

- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)


### Code Formatter

- Add a `.vscode` directory
- Create a file `settings.json` inside `.vscode`
- Install Prettier - Code formatter in VSCode
- Add the following snippet:  

```json

    {
      "editor.formatOnSave": true,
      "prettier.singleQuote": true,
      "prettier.arrowParens": "avoid",
      "prettier.jsxSingleQuote": true,
      "prettier.trailingComma": "none",
      "javascript.preferences.quoteStyle": "single",
    }

```
